README.md, before:

# netflix-gpt

- react app
- configured Tailwindcss
- Header
- routing of app
- login form
- signup form
- Form Validation
- useRef Hook
- Firebase Setup
- Deploying Our App to Production
- create signup user account
- implement signup in user Api
- ceated ReduxStore with userslice
- we wil get from firebase ->manageusers->get the currently signed in user(its kinda eventlistener automatically gets called when user signup/signin/singout)
- implemented signout
- update Profile
- BugFix: Sign up user displayName and profile picture update
- BugFix: if the user is not logged in Redirect /browse to Login Page and vice-versa
- unsubscribed to the onauthstatechanged callback
- Add hardcoded values to the constants file
- Register TMDB API & create an app & get access token
- Get Data from TMDB now playing movies list API
- Custom Hook for Now Playing Movies
- Create movieSlice
- Update Store with movies Data
- Planning for MainContauiner & secondary container
- Fetch Data for Trailer Video
- Update Store with Trailer Video Data
- Embedded the Yotube video and make it autoplay and mute
- Tailwind Classes to make Main Container look awesome
- Build the secondry component
- Build Movie List
- build Movie Card
- TMDB Image CDN URL
- Made the Browsre page amazing with Tailwind CSS
- usePopularMovies Custom hook
- gpt search feature
- gpt search page
- gpt search bar
- Added multi-language feature in our app-BIG FEATURE

# Features

-Header
-login or signup screeen
-sign in
-sign up form
-redirect to browse page
-Browse(only comes after authentication)
-Header
-Main movie
-Trialer in background
-Title and discription
-moviesuggestion
-movie list\*n
-NETFLIX GPT
-search bar
-movie suggestions

Commit message:

made the gpt search feature with the help of gemini api

README.md, after:

# netflix-gpt

- react app
- configured Tailwindcss
- Header
- routing of app
- login form
- signup form
- Form Validation
- useRef Hook
- Firebase Setup
- Deploying Our App to Production
- create signup user account
- implement signup in user Api
- ceated ReduxStore with userslice
- we wil get from firebase ->manageusers->get the currently signed in user(its kinda eventlistener automatically gets called when user signup/signin/singout)
- implemented signout
- update Profile
- BugFix: Sign up user displayName and profile picture update
- BugFix: if the user is not logged in Redirect /browse to Login Page and vice-versa
- unsubscribed to the onauthstatechanged callback
- Add hardcoded values to the constants file
- Register TMDB API & create an app & get access token
- Get Data from TMDB now playing movies list API
- Custom Hook for Now Playing Movies
- Create movieSlice
- Update Store with movies Data
- Planning for MainContauiner & secondary container
- Fetch Data for Trailer Video
- Update Store with Trailer Video Data
- Embedded the Yotube video and make it autoplay and mute
- Tailwind Classes to make Main Container look awesome
- Build the secondry component
- Build Movie List
- build Movie Card
- TMDB Image CDN URL
- Made the Browsre page amazing with Tailwind CSS
- usePopularMovies Custom hook
- gpt search feature
- gpt search page
- gpt search bar
- Added multi-language feature in our app-BIG FEATURE
- Made the GPT SEARCH feature with the help of gemini api


# Features

-Header
-login or signup screeen
-sign in
-sign up form
-redirect to browse page
-Browse(only comes after authentication)
-Header
-Main movie
-Trialer in background
-Title and discription
-moviesuggestion
-movie list\*n
-NETFLIX GPT
-search bar
-movie suggestions
